The summary plays a critical role in helping readers quickly understand the results of your assessment without needing to dive into the technical details. 

- What did we test?
- What did we find?
- What does it mean for the business or system?
- What should we do next?

In some cases, a single summary section is not enough to meet the needs of both business and security stakeholders. So, break the summary into two parts:
- **Executive Summary:** Written for ***business stakeholders***, this version avoids technical jargon and focuses on business risk. It highlights the overall security posture and key concerns.
- **Findings & Recommendations:** Written for ***Security Stakeholders***, this section details common vulnerability themes and attack chains. You may often find that the combination of two or more lower-risk vulnerabilities could still have high business impact.

#### Summary Structure
- **Overview:** What was tested? What type of system or application is it? What were the goals of the assessment? What was the scope, and how much coverage could be achieved?
- **Results:** What did the assessment uncover? Was the system secure? If not, what categorise of issues were found?
- **Impact:** What is the real-world impact if the issues remain unaddressed? How could the system be exploited by a real-life threat actor?
- **Remediation Direction:** At a high level, what actions should the organisation take next? Does this require major investment, or are the issues mostly quick fixes?

