### Manipulating structured data
Structured data can be easily converted into different formats using PowerShell cmdlets; for example, from CSV to JSON. 

### Working with CSV files
The Import-Csv cmdlet allows you to import CSV files and parse them into a table-like structure that can be used by other PowerShell cmdlets.
```powershell
$Dates = Import-Csv finaldates.csv

# To display the content of the file
$Dates | Format-Table
```

You can use the Export-Csv cmdlet to export data into CSV format. This is done by piping a cmdlet into Export-Csv and specifying the name by putting it in ‘single quotes’.
```powershell
Get-Date | Export-Csv ‘.\dates.csv’
```

### Converting data to different formats
PowerShell has several cmdlets that allow you to convert data between different formats. These cmdlets start with the ConvertTo- verb and are followed by the format you wish to convert to. Using these commands, we can export output into various different formats, including JSON, CSV, HTML and XML.

Here are a list of the common ConvertTo- cmdlets:
```powershell
ConvertTo-Json    # Converts any object into a JSON-formatted string
ConvertTo-Csv     # Converts objects to a series of comma-seperated strings
ConvertTo-Xml     # Converts objects into an XML-based representation  
ConvertTo-Html    # Converts a .NET object into HTML that can be displayed in a browser
```

### Converting to and from JSON
The ConvertTo-Json cmdlet allows you to convert an object into a JSON-formatted string. The properties are converted to field names, the field values are converted to property values, and the methods are removed.
```powershell
Get-Date | Select-Object -Property * | ConvertTo-Json
```

We can convert a properly formatted JSON string to a PSCustomObject that has a property for each field using the ConvertFrom-Json cmdlet.
```powershell
ConvertFrom-Json ./file1.json
```

### Converting to and from CSV
The ConvertTo-Csv cmdlet returns a series of comma-separated CSV strings that represent the objects you submit.
```powershell
Get-Command | ConvertTo-Csv
```

The ConvertFrom-Csv cmdlet creates objects from CSV variable-length strings that are generated by the ConvertTo-Csv cmdlet.
```powershell
ConvertFrom-Csv ./file2.csv
```

